became one, it's very gratifying. DEBORAH-ROBERTS-ABC: (VO Roy is the big animal lover. That's what brings him to life. SIEGFRIED-FISCHBACHE: Roy was always
to animals. ANNETTE-TAPERT-BIOG: He really developed his first real love affair with an animal at the Bremen Zoo with a cheetah named Chico. He would imitate his purring
And they brought her into the act. LYNETTE-CHAPPELL-PE: Sometimes I disappeared and an animal appeared. I was sawed in half twice nightly, and sometimes three times a
by a lion. (OC What was the moment at which you first heard an animal thinking? ROY-HORN-MAGICIAN) : Actually, all my life. I think it is something
nature. NARRATOR-MALE) : All the white tigers in captivity today are descended from one animal that was caught as cub named Mohan that began the white tiger line. DEBORAH-ROBERTS-ABC
started to bring them on stage when they have three weeks old. And the animal, they feel comfortable and secure when Roy was there. ROY-HORN-MAGICIAN : Their names
the show ran like clockwork. LAURA-DENI-ENTERTAI: Timing is everything from how you turn the animal and what it does. LYNETTE-CHAPPELL-PE: There was no room for error. Everything
down, puts the microphone in front of his face so they can hear the animal growl. Then, Roy stands up. The tiger jumps up, puts his
that night changed Siegfried &; Roy forever. CONTRIBUTOR-MALE : What happened was, the animal got confused. Mantecore got confused. DAVE-SALMONI-ZOOLOG: I've been in the situation
tap on the head, which is a secondary command to obey, and the animal reached up with its mouth, and took Roy's hand and pushed it away
horrifying position. He is laying on the stage floor underneath Mantecore, and the animal is not responding to him. JOYCE-EDENHOLM-EYEW: The next thing we knew, the
So you have no idea what to expect. DOCTOR-JENNIFER-ASHT: (OC This is an animal's mouth with razor sharp teeth. Two puncture wounds to the back of the
stroke, in the show, at that moment, and fell down, and animal instincts took over and he got up and straddled Roy, leaned over and picked
happened, and Chris was right there. DEBORAH-ROBERTS-ABC: (OC Chris Lawrence was an animal handler, who had worked for Siegfried &; Roy back in the 90s, by
for Siegfried &; Roy back in the 90s, by all accounts, a good animal handler. ELIZABETH VARGAS (FMR HOST OF '' 20/20 '') Well, the
his life all these problems. You know what I mean? DAVE-SALMONI-ZOOLOG: That animal was behaving as a tiger typically behaves. I feel like the semantics between the
attack you. But that reward of that bond, and that experience with that animal is far more valuable to us than the fear of what possibly might happen.
to Las Vegas to continue his recovery. LYNETTE-CHAPPELL-PE: When he returned to the animal compound after a lengthy period away, we expected perhaps there to be some difference
striking appearance. EMILY-MCCORMACK-TUR: These are inbred animals that all come back to one animal, the first white tiger that was captive. DEBORAH-ROBERTS-ABC: (VO Remember Mohan,
You're not going to get in the pool? DEBORAH-ROBERTS-ABC: (OC Turpentine Creek animal sanctuary has rescued dozens of cats from all across the country. And here,
can do it. You can dress your kid up. You can dress your animal up, who some people think of as a kid. (CROSSTALK GUNZELMAN) : Or
story is a dog. And how did you think about the role that this animal, Layla, also known by another name, but we don't have to
a little team. But he's so desperate to, like, please this animal who has, you know, pleased him so much and really given him kind
, like, moving around the car, what are your recommendations about restraining your animal? How would you recommend me handling my best friend in my ride? STOCKBURGER)
vehicle in New South Wales. Police describe the kangaroos' deaths as acts of animal cruelty. Boris Johnson vows to remain Britain's prime minister even if he does
difficult to transition from being a Member of Parliament, which is obviously a political animal to the Speaker which has to be impartial? And he said no, because
going into a Ruth's Chris Steak House. Isn't the cow a sacred animal? And we butcher millions of them a year. So, all is -
that handing this over -- that is, to Bill Barr -- to release any animal details on the Mueller report, they must be confident that its findings are sound
the chairs kind of lined up. It was almost like he was a caged animal. SYDNEY JILLSON, Military Mother and Spouse: To watch the people that I
: You come up to the thing, and you kind of point out the animal. And in this case, for example, it recognized the sea turtle's
the heat if you're at the zoo, well especially if you're an animal at the zoo. (BEGIN-VIDEO-CLIP PERINO) : Here we go Greg. '' Animals are
: Yes, yes, yes. I had to - I did skip my animal video. PERINO) : OK. GUTFELD) : So you can plug some meat from some
Washington state, the state's new discrimination law will clearly define what a service animal is and creating a maximum $500 penalty for anybody misrepresenting a regular animal as a
a service animal is and creating a maximum $500 penalty for anybody misrepresenting a regular animal as a service one. For NIGHTLY BUSINESS REPORT, I'm Eric Chemi. (END-VIDEOTAPE
there was a dog, spent more than four hundred days in a Kansas City animal shelter. Well, now it has a forever home and that's thanks to
. HERERA) : OK. Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY), they spun off their animal health business but you say they have a diversified set of drugs and very strong
n't shy away from addressing climate change and the looming global extinction of plant and animal species, nor does it shy away from acknowledging the role humans play in driving
is Walton Ford, and this is my Brief But Spectacular take on the imagined animal. AMNA-NAWAZ) : This week marks 50 years since a dairy farm in New York
side faces a sizeable challenge. '' You've got to be respectful of any animal that's incredibly hungry, '' he says of England. '' Because if you
children accessing marijuana by preventing manufacturers from making edibles that look like tempting fruit or animal shapes. And required testing of edibles now checks for consistency and potency. It
She began retreating from public life and Hollywood, but she dedicated herself publicly to animal activism through her foundation. DORIS-DAY : I'm here to tell you that our
South Florida. She went to visit Jeannette. NANCY-KLINGENER : Jeannette Parker is an animal lover. That's obvious from the menagerie at her home in the Florida Keys
: One thing has not changed because of this experience. She's still an animal lover. Would you hesitate now before pulling over if you saw a sick animal
animal lover. Would you hesitate now before pulling over if you saw a sick animal on the side of the road? PARKER : (Laughter) Probably not.
. What can you do, I mean, if you're bitten by an animal, and you go to the hospital, and you're desperate, and you
loaf of bread she saw after the war. She leapt on it like an animal, devoured it and vomited all of it back up. That is the formative
just jerks. UNIDENTIFIED-MALE : Pathetic weenies. UNIDENTIFIED-MALE : It's almost out of the animal house movie. UNIDENTIFIED-MALE : Just as mad. How do you go home and
in Arizona all have in common? Their mascots are, A, all extinct animal species; B, they're all space objects; or C, they're
to think of that, but I'm not framing it. I'm the animal in the frame. SIMON : A lot of people might think your first movie
. Let's play some games. (SOUNDBITE-OF-MUSIC EISENBERG) : Our first game is called Animal Houses. Did you know that the movie '' Animal House '' is billed as
Our first game is called Animal Houses. Did you know that the movie '' Animal House '' is billed as a comedy/romance? (LAUGHTER EISENBERG) : That's like billing
after two games will go to our final round. This trivia game is called Animal Houses. Jonathan and I will read fictional real estate listings for animal habitats.
is called Animal Houses. Jonathan and I will read fictional real estate listings for animal habitats. You are going to ring in and identify the animal that is ready
estate listings for animal habitats. You are going to ring in and identify the animal that is ready to move in. Featuring a private underwater entrance, this bespoke
Texas to New York. So if I donated some of my bow ties at animal shelters, then it would help the dogs get adopted faster. JOY-BROWN 5Darius'
: So, Darius got to work and started sewing and delivering bow ties to animal shelters. DARIUS-BROWN : It will help a dog look professional, cute, beautiful
for outside contractors monitoring texts or images of hate, murder, child exploitation, animal abuse and more. Besides the stress of the job, some workers face grim
in the wild, he's taken on the project of documenting the world's animal species that are currently under human care, in other words, a representative of
that are currently under human care, in other words, a representative of each animal species in zoos, wildlife rehab centers and aquariums. These are animals who are
animals, we work with animals that, again, the institution knows that the animal will tolerate going into a little crate or a kennel. They're trained.
let them go out - back out into a little tent. But for an animal like a bison, there's no tent big enough. It's a good
to take photos of all of the animals under human care in zoos, in animal rehab centers and aquariums. And he's gotten over 6,000 of those photos done
talking about, like, doing big animals and small animals. So another big animal that you did was a grizzly bear. And so... SARTORE : Right.
at a senior living facility got a visit from a different kind of emotional support animal. Wally, the alligator -- MAN (January 18): His owner telling
in our Toyota Greenroom with what she learned and why she blames the movie, Animal House, for helping create fraternity's binge-drinking culture. But first, it's
mostly in the Antarctic under a special permit classifying the hunt as scientific research. Animal rights groups and some western governments condemned the practice. Last year, Japan announced
subsidizes whale hunting to the tune of around $50 million dollars a year. Some animal rights conservationists think this is a good thing because it may be a sign that
KILLER: THE TED BUNDY TAPES '' TED-BUNDY-CONVICTED: Clearly, I'm not an animal and I'm not crazy. And I don't have a split personality.
infrastructure in virtually every country in this hemisphere. DIAZ-BALART: That is a different animal. CARLSON : And we -- I don't think it is. We have
the side of train tracks. He's a really cute little dog. An animal control found him, recommended putting the puppy down as an act of mercy due
BETH-STERN : I think it's the celebration of the bond between human and the animal. HODA-KOTB : Yeah. MARIA-SHRIVER : Yeah. BETH-STERN : And how they changed
do that? GEORGE-CHURCH : I think he is hoping that we will deliver an animal that is very similar to the ones that used to roam there. We need
has a legitimate use for guns. Our farming community particularly for pest control and animal welfare issues, but there was a -- a really -- a real line in
: Now, park officials say the girl essentially got too close and caused the animal to charge. ANTHONY-MASON : Yeah. DAVID-BEGNAUD : They -- GAYLE-KING : Who knew
that was so funny. JOEL-MCHALE : -- with wildlife expert and host of the Animal -- KATHIE-LEE-GIFFORD : Animals to the Max Podcast. HODA-KOTB : Corbin Maxley. JOEL-MCHALE : So
it's cat. It's a cat. Yeah. It's all an animal, right. It's either snake skin, cheetah print, I just like
be here. That is a silvery cheeked hornbill -- look at that -- from Animal Behavior and Conservation Connections. Now her name is Eeyore. HODA-KOTB : Eeyore? KATHIE-LEE-GIFFORD
is Eeyore. HODA-KOTB : Eeyore? KATHIE-LEE-GIFFORD : Eeyore. CORBIN-MAXEY : And this is an animal found in Africa. They primarily eat fruit. Look at that just going to
-- domesticated? CORBIN-MAXEY : No, not at all. This is an exotic animal. This is an ambassador for a species. Now check out her bill.
squat. This is amazing. So this is a -- this is your last animal segment, by the way. KATHIE-LEE-GIFFORD : I'm enjoying it. CORBIN-MAXEY :
: Oh, my gosh. CORBIN-MAXEY : Kathie Lee, this is your last animal segment, okay? This is your last animal segment, so what you're
Lee, this is your last animal segment, okay? This is your last animal segment, so what you're going to do is you're going to hold
HODA-KOTB : Oh, no. CORBIN-MAXEY : Now we're going to introduce a beautiful animal. This right here is a beautiful rose-breasted cockatoo. Hold it flat like and
. This was a joint effort by just a multitude of departments to find this animal and bring him to justice. At this point, I'll take questions.
games throughout the year. This is -- you know, this is a different animal, the NCAA tournament. I'm more concerned about the start time. We
The cat lady is changing and so is the industry. CatCon and the surrounding animal influencer culture are all a product of a shifting market of pet owners with millennials
it to talk about weather, but also, we get to show some cute animal's pictures. Let's show the puppies. We saw this earlier. MADELYNN-MARCIANO-R
DAN-HARRIS-ABC-NEWS: (OC That's so cool. MAGGIE-RULLI-ABC-NE: (OC Quite literally. This animal photobombed them from behind and there he is again on the side and then he
protect yourself? SARTORE) : You know, we - if it's a big animal like that, we're always working behind a protective barrier of some sort,
case, you know, again, the space is prepped - for a big animal, it's prepped. It's painted white and painted black. And that
to it. And then the photoshoot's over when the - usually when the animal gets full, that's it for the photoshoot - a lot of food motivation
it. (LAUGHTER GROSS) : So we were talking earlier about how you get each animal into basically like a little black or white tent so that you can photograph them
SARTORE) : Right. GROSS : And I'm wondering if you worked with any animal trainers because what I'm thinking of here is one of the animal trainers I
with any animal trainers because what I'm thinking of here is one of the animal trainers I talked to who works with animals in movies said that when they want
I talked to who works with animals in movies said that when they want the animal to look the person - to look the actor in the eye, what they
bit of food and sometimes put it on the actors' forehead. So the animal's looking at the food on the actor, but it looks like they're
n't work. So I got one frame of him. He was an educational animal, hand-raised and taken to zoos to educate school kids. So he was really
everything - very curious, eager to go meet people because he was this outreach animal. And he really didn't care about anything other than just exploring. So
and fellow. For nearly 15 years, he's been taking photographs of each animal species under human care in zoos, aquariums and wildlife rehabilitation centers. Many of
year seems to get busier. But if it's a choice between photographing an animal that's the very last one in captivity and there are none left in the