by the way, a lot of young people, a lot of people of color, and bring them into the Democratic Party. And I think I'm in
six to eight inches of rain. Just south of Kansas City, that blue color is eight-plus inches of rain. (INDISTINCT) it's going to continue to
, that it does cause redirection to the issues of disparities that exist based on color in America. INGRAHAM : Debbie, this is Kamala's time. I mean
NATALIE-MORALES : Yeah. LOUIS-LICARI : Then we colored it as well. Remember, color will add texture to your hair. So if you have fine hair, coloring
, with Enid O's makeup. NATALIE-MORALES : Yeah. Brought out the eye color for sure, beautiful. And Jill, tell us, the viewer, as
it up. It's also a design thing for me. There is no color in that text thing. I want a little red to come with the blue
, they're a lot of fun. GAYLE-KING : Yeah. I love the color. KEVIN-PLANK : It's called the infinite. It breaks -- it breaks in
and they represent trans people of color. We're going to have Steve Canals and then Chiquita Hall, Shangela from
hy do you think it took Hollywood so long to embrace main characters of color? BOB-IGER-CEO-THE-WA: I think too many people rely on history and experience. It
laid these out and for Barr to conclude it didn't mean obstruction and to color he did in his press conference, I don't think there will be a
on camera and it's all videotape. BLUMENTHAL : It's all there in living color. And many of those statements were made reading from a text that, as
unites Democrats in 2019, it's attacking people for their sex and their skin color. Just today, the leading progressive philosopher, Joy Behar, explained that even
now is more ideas, more candidates stepping up and again, for candidates of color who are running for President, we've never had this type of pool before
racism and the white privilege stuff, attacking people on the basis of their skin color? Could we just call it truce and just not talk like that anymore?
like even if you're really poor, we hate you because of your skin color. You don't think that radicalizes people? Maybe a little bit? I
fact that he's trying to do that. And he's there in living color with Ukraine trying to do that. And he's there in living color trying
living color with Ukraine trying to do that. And he's there in living color trying to defeat his political opponent through foreign interference, which is a thing of
you are -- you and I have a personal relationship that's not based on color. And to even go down this direction is wrong, Mr. Chairman. REP.--ELIJAH-CUMMINGS
do. There is a concerted, organized attack against immigrants, against people of color, against those who do not look like or pray like or love like the
though, the idea that there's a concerted attack against immigrants and people of color in this country, that's what a lot of Democratic voters want to hear
Senator Talbot, see if she can introduce me' cause we could use the color. Don't you think? MATT-WALSH-VEEP : Can I get a quote for my
There was a lot to hit Biden on. Biden's sex, his skin color, his sexual orientation. They're all sins against the religion of wokeness.
I've never seen one, that color. She's gorgeous. CORBIN-MAXEY: Yeah. And people do -- they do
to treat immigrants, how we're going to treat trans people and people of color, how we treat our planet. (Excerpt-from-The-Goo KEIR-SIMMONS) : One of the women,
be too boastful. Enninful, friends with international celebrities and the first person of color to edit British Vogue, praising Meghan's willingness to wade into more complex and
Booker campaign is doing well. That reference to -- I'm a person of color, I've lived in difficult neighborhoods, I've seen people killed by gun
-- in Hollywood to actually provide a mentoring program for young women and people of color trying to break their way into the business. GAYLE-KING : You say men need
previous record by a full minute, twenty-one seconds. And all three women of color share another important achievement, according to Northwestern's Melissa Isakson. MELISSA-ISAKSON : It's
Northwestern's Melissa Isakson. MELISSA-ISAKSON : It's hard I think for little kids of color sometimes to believe that they can do it and to say, okay, I
him in his favor because the system isn't always fair especially for people with color. (END-VIDEO-CLIP MACCALLUM) : I think that's very interesting. He said the system
else that Warren has called for. Sending people tax dollars based on their skin color is a genuinely unpopular idea in this country. But Warren doesn't seem to
of arguing with him, the left decided to attack him based on his skin color. That actually happened live on television. Some of the most famous people in
his allies were wrong because of how they were born, because of their skin color. Watch this. (BEGIN-VIDEO-CLIP BIANNA-GOLODRYGA-CN: Looking at these members coming in, you
So is the standard that we're allowed to dismiss people because of their skin color? I mean, I don't want to live in a country where people
. Well, dismissing people based on their identity, their sex or their skin color is just one facet of a much larger problem and a more dangerous one.
who were, you know, like me. Latinas, minorities, women of color. And it was so difficult finding people. So I think in that moment
see if we can get a sneak peek of Louis and his team working their color magic on our Ambush ladies. Don't miss their hot reveals. HODA-KOTB) :
cards, and the first game that I ever got was Pokmon gold for Gameboy Color. I don't know if you know what that is. But... RYAN-REYNOLDS-POKE
a mission, The Well Women Coalition, a health initiative focused on women of color. ALEJANDRA-CAMPOVERDI : Approaching your health, especially as a women of color from a
women of color. ALEJANDRA-CAMPOVERDI : Approaching your health, especially as a women of color from a place of prevention and of empowerment can really move the needle as far
a lot of times it doesn't feel like it's directed towards women of color. MARIA-SHRIVER : There is a prevention message in women's health message out there
(OC This way. These are awesome, stretchy bracelets from Accessory Concierge. So color, these are enamel, color, happy, party fun. LARA-SPENCER-ABC-NE: (OC
awesome, stretchy bracelets from Accessory Concierge. So color, these are enamel, color, happy, party fun. LARA-SPENCER-ABC-NE: (OC These are huge. ALFONSO-RIBEIRO-AM:
county jail for three months. There are young men, particularly young men of color, serving longer sentences for non-violent crimes, for having a teenie-weenie bit of marijuana
LAURA-CLARK-EDITORI: It does play into this idea that compels parents to buy the certain color if they know they're having a boy or girl. JENNA-KARVUNITIS-IN: But girls
say send her back about a member of Congress because she's a woman of color, because she's a Muslim American, it is also changing this country.
parts of what America is today are on the backs of people of people of color and immigrants. MALAK-WAZNE-CREATIV: This country was built on immigrants. So, like
. I can sort laundry, but just the darks from the lights. No color yet. JONATHAN-VIGLIOTTI) : Even going for a stroll outside by himself. JASON-ESTERHUIZEN) :
KLM. We lovingly still call these planes the Blue Swans because of the blue color of the KLM logo. It's a bit like I think in America,
. PAYNE) : OK. Wow. SADEJ : I tend to pick my favorite color and some flowy hair costume. And I'm happy that way. 
I realized I had something. CRAIG-MELVIN : Step inside the art studio bursting with color and creativity. (ANNOUNCEMENTS CRAIG-MELVIN) : Welcome back on this Thursday morning. Willie Geist
the Latinx community alone. I mean, we come in varied shades and skin color, and eye color, and hair, and political background, and religious background
. I mean, we come in varied shades and skin color, and eye color, and hair, and political background, and religious background. And, you
of the party. Among the 20 candidates, six women, five candidates of color and one openly gay candidate, age ranging from 37 to 77. Tonight the
divides us every day. He goes after immigrants. He goes after people of color. BYRON-PITTS-ABC-NEW: (VO And even their dad jokes. SENATOR-CORY-BOOKER-: Let's not
at this point in the story sitting around with a bunch of other Rangers of color talking about what has been going on since Donald Trump was elected. (Reading
black folks, that if you had more people like him, more people of color wearing the badge, then you could have people protecting black life. You could
such a profound disregard for my life, and the life of other people of color. And I don't know what to do with that. And I think
wasn't a single woman in the bureau, and there were no people of color anywhere. Now, the Post and Times had a few women - not very
easy to do it all very dark. But you wanted big bright pops of color. Why was that important? REINIER-GAMBOA) : Exactly. I mean, that's
than Flint. It's all over this country. It's particularly people of color. It's particularly people who do not have the money to fight back.
overall message of how they're going to make the Democratic case to voters of color? KARINE JEAN-PIERRE: Yes, it was very unfortunate, Amna. We have
to have. We need to bring it up. And you have people of color living in this country that is very worried as to where this country is going
'' Someone not married, someone not my boss, and I prefer men of color. '' And he made a snarky remark about that's why myself and his
helpful for him to target that lack of empathy and fellow feeling toward people of color. But how much have we seen him show empathy for anybody? And so
see is Joe Biden, an older white man, sandwiched between two people of color. If last night was the battle between the moderates and the liberals, tonight
. We'll see a much more diverse stage. We'll see people of color on the stage. Half of that field, people of color tonight. And
see people of color on the stage. Half of that field, people of color tonight. And so there is going to be that argument that is Joe Biden
campaign, since she launched, leaned into women, black women, people of color, her path to the nomination. But Joe Biden still maintains a strong hold
race questions if, in fact, the incoming is coming from two people of color, meaning Kamala Harris and Cory Booker. So I think he needs to be
will come out. And you're going to have to speak to voters of color in a way that moves them. I tell everyone that I have endorsed Kamala
who did that in New Orleans, who had the ability to move voters of color in ways that some do not. So I don't care if you're
you can talk about. I'll lead on this. '' Also getting some color of the interaction, you heard Peter Doocy talking about it. In the middle
gerrymandering is just another form of voter suppression that impacts young people, people of color, the elderly. We do know what our priorities are, and we can
growing concern and fear about deadly attacks against transgender Americans, particularly trans women of color. As Amna Nawaz tells us, a series of murders in different cities in
people killed in 32 states since 2013; 80 percent of them were people of color. Let's now take a closer look at this now with Beverly Tillery.
already, that we are seeing a tremendous number of homicides of trans women of color. Over and over, for the past several years, this has been consistent
racial quotas where people are kept out of jobs in schools because of their skin color. That's racism. REINES) : Bottom line here is immigration. And I
a white officer there and why his city's police force has few officers of color. PETE BUTTIGIEG (D), Presidential Candidate: We're obviously not there
race. And what she was doing there was saying, African-Americans and people of color, who make up the base of the Democratic Party, we need to be
than half its artists are women. Additionally, more than half are artists of color. It also skews young. Three-quarters are under 40, including Eddie Arroyo of
part of the artist in infusing that content with aesthetic decisions, decisions around paint color material. RUJEKO-HOCKLEY : For us, I think we hope when people come to
nobody tell you what you can and can't do, especially because of the color of your skin. AMNA-NAWAZ : Though the ranks of black NHL players have grown
out there. We have to learn to love each other, no matter what color. SHEINELLE-JONES : And can that start with three-year-olds? IDA-FLEMING : Of course.
talking, connecting with the community saying, I am here as a woman of color. Meanwhile, you remember guys that I said yesterday, come on, Harry
a mother, as a wife, as a woman, as a woman of color, and as your sister. KEIR-SIMMONS : This charity, the justice desk,
the more diverse of the two debates. We have more women and people of color on the debate stage tonight. But something else I want to point out,
If you believe that your likely successor will be a woman or a person of color, would you kindly extend a hand into the air? I know it's
one appears to believe that your successor will be a female or a person of color. (END-VIDEO-CLIP CUOMO) : Not the best editing. But not one. Why would
best friend is a stereotype, is a perpetuation of the marginalization of people of color in film, then it's something I don't want to be part of
Good evening. Working people, no matter where we're from or what the color of our skin all want the same thing. We want a fair shot at
to hear more about Trump in this debate partly because you have every candidate of color on this stage. Race will clearly come up and given what we've been
alive. And that's molding and shaping and creating a character, composition, color palette. All those things come into play. JEFFREY-BROWN : This is not a
it's one of those things where, especially if you're a person of color, it's like, we know this is happening, but we don't
bodily safety without also looking at racial inequities in this country, since women of color are much more likely to be victims of abuse. Women have to stand up
But I think he was also convinced -- he drew a straight line from the Color Revolutions in Georgia and Ukraine in 2003 and 2004 to what he saw to be
one of those tricky, you know, stressful things that parents of kids of color, in my view, have to deal with. Both Bryan and Julian,
and journalists; anyone who called for change in the way women and people of color were represented in leadership or in games themselves. It was a warning and a
right thing does not work. So we need women, we need people of color in positions of power not just in the game industry but at social media and
that more people are starting to ask this question? I know for communities of color who often feel like crime and killings are overlooked... HIAASEN : Yes.