facing a stack of unpaid bills, Appel found out when she went to the doctor that she and her two-year old son, Chase, lost their health care.
to be President. And only on CBS THIS MORNING, Mark Zuckerberg's wife Doctor Priscilla Chan on their initiative's goal to wipe out disease worldwide. But first
actual sport. And only on CBS THIS MORNING, Norah's wide-ranging conversation with Doctor Priscilla Chan, also known as Mrs. Mark Zuckerberg to some. NORAH-O'DONNELL) : Has
we are making good choices and being good stewards of the opportunity. GAYLE-KING) : Doctor Priscilla Chan speaks out about family, philanthropy, and the giant goals for their
makes in a video. TONY-DOKOUPIL) : And how easy it is to edit and doctor video. GAYLE-KING) : Yes. TONY-DOKOUPIL) : It used to be if you see
it there. BIDEN) : That's true. (END-VIDEO-CLIP INGRAHAM) : Well, the doctor is in. ARROYO) : Right. Biden is out. Look, when in doubt
get diagnosed with it fifteen years ago and realized and really went to my hand doctor a long time ago but there was only surgical options. I had enough surgeries
couldn't sleep. She couldn't eat. She had to go to a doctor. ERIN-MORIARTY) : Wasn't she even hospitalized a little bit? LISA-DELTONDO) : Yes
oxygen while you were standing there waiting. JAMES-LONGMAN-ABC-N: (VO Ed Dohring, a doctor from Arizona, experienced the overcrowding firsthand and says his guide was so worried he
That was super beneficial in the position of a doctor. UNIDENTIFIED-MALE) : These things don't just happen. You have to prepare.
people again there in Texas having to deal with this. In listening to the doctor from this hospital, just how they have to prepare for this. No matter
On the point that Shimon made about the victims, Juliette, we heard the doctor said they trained for situations like this. 21:10:02 They believe they had strong teamwork
59-year-old went on her first date with the tall, good looking, self proclaimed doctor at this Southern California restaurant. DEBRA-NEWELL-DATED-: John started calling every day and we
n't figure out what was wrong. I did all these tests. Finally my doctor game me the right blood and iron panel, and he diagnosed me with IDA
getironinformed.com, and that's got tools, so you can go talk to your doctor. I really just want to encourage people to have the right conversations with their
the way. Now, we may know when and where thanks to the good doctor. It all started when Sophie posted this picture looking very lovey dovey with her
(OC So if you're feeling any early symptoms make sure you go to your doctor and get checked out. But what can people do to reduce the risk of
U.S., according to a National Survey of Children's Health in 2016. Our Doctor Tara Narula is here. Good morning. DR. TARA NARULA (CBS News
want to help therapists, so. GAYLE-KING) : Yes, always check with your doctor. NORAH-O'DONNELL) : Mm-Hm. DR.--TARA-NARULA) : Yes. GAYLE-KING) : Thank you, Doctor Tara
your doctor. NORAH-O'DONNELL) : Mm-Hm. DR.--TARA-NARULA) : Yes. GAYLE-KING) : Thank you, Doctor Tara Narula. DR.--TARA-NARULA) : Thanks. GAYLE-KING) : Always good to have you here.
going to take a look at the potential risk of getting Botox outside of the doctor's office. One woman told us she almost lost her nose after something went
filler injections to shape the face. These enhancements traditionally require a visit to a doctor's office. Doctor Tara Narula shows us how new salons are offering these injections
the face. These enhancements traditionally require a visit to a doctor's office. Doctor Tara Narula shows us how new salons are offering these injections in a more casual
anti-aging injectables. They are designed to be more convenient and less clinical than a doctor's office. And while it's legal for non-physicians like nurses to administer these
that this is medical care and things can happen with medical care. DR.--TARA-NARULA) : Doctor Alan Matarasso is president of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons. DR.--ALAN-MATARASSO) : With
is taking pictures and texting them to him. DR.--TARA-NARULA) : Hours later, the doctor arrived with the medicine that could un-block blood flow to the area around her nose
's either not getting any blood supply or it's having trouble pro-fusing. DR.--TARA-NARULA) : Doctor Ramtin Kassir treated Sherry after her filler complication. DR.--RAMTIN-KASSIR) : Injecting in the face
, it can end in the nose. DR.--TARA-NARULA) : While even the most experienced doctor can hit a blood vessel, Doctor Kassir says it's critical to have filler-dissolving
. DR.--TARA-NARULA) : While even the most experienced doctor can hit a blood vessel, Doctor Kassir says it's critical to have filler-dissolving medicine at arm's reach. DR.--RAMTIN-KASSIR)
several hundred dollars apiece. They can be slightly less expensive than going to a doctor's office, some even offer discounts for frequent visits. GAYLE-KING) : Well,
Yes. GAYLE-KING) : That's why I think it's good to ask the doctor, may I have your cell number? DR.--TARA-NARULA) : Right. GAYLE-KING) : See
who you are. JERICKA-DUNCAN) : Mia, Alex and Emily found each other through Doctor Alanna Bree's A Children's House for the Soul in Houston. Doctor Bree
through Doctor Alanna Bree's A Children's House for the Soul in Houston. Doctor Bree, a dermatologist by trade, left her high-paying job at a hospital and
be a little, small light, I think that's awesome. JERICKA-DUNCAN) : Doctor Bree says her goal wasn't just to treat what you can see, but
your perspective? ALEX-SCHOENER) : I think it was the people around me and especially Doctor Bree and her team. They really helped me to view myself as a beautiful
to have that experience, to have that connection. JUJU-CHANG-ABC-NEWS: (VO Deirdre's doctor told her her eggs were less viable because of her age, so she quickly
: Unlike so many doctors who come on our show, you're an actual doctor. By the way, I should say a physician, a real doctor.
actual doctor. By the way, I should say a physician, a real doctor. JASSER) : Yes, sir. CARLSON) : So this -- there's something
CARLSON) : Such a smart point. Zuhdi Jasser, thank you very much, doctor. Good to see you tonight. JASSER) : Nice to see you, Tucker
now where I'm a part of this community. CRAIG-MELVIN) : The clinic, Doctor Michael Hoben's brain child. The audience, I mean, in terms of
and we discovered it's not quite that simple. MARK-REYNOLDS) : My name is Doctor Mark Reynolds. I'm a forensic consultant and I investigated the death of Colonel
'm a forensic consultant and I investigated the death of Colonel Stahlman. PETER-VAN-SANT) (voiceover: Doctor Mark Reynolds was brought on by NCIS in 2012 to review the case -- MARK-REYNOLDS)
thinking -- ANTHONY-MASON) : Okay. TONY-DOKOUPIL) : -- I don't know about paging Doctor Freud. MARIE-OSMOND) : I just don't care. TONY-DOKOUPIL) : Yeah. GAYLE-KING)
up -- they ended up doing an upper endoscopy, a procedure where docs -- doctor puts a flexible tube, the camera saw the thing and they were able to
. FOLAKE-OLOWOFOYEKU) : -- send her son to an Ivy League school to become a doctor. ANTHONY-MASON) : Right. GAYLE-KING) : Yes. FOLAKE-OLOWOFOYEKU) : And that's been
you pointed out, and Donald Trump earned his spurs in a letter from a doctor. PAULA-REID) (CBS-News-White-House: Former Defense Secretary James Mattis, who resigned in protest in
the FDA warned this month that it may contain a potentially dangerous impurity. Our Doctor Jon LaPook reports Zantac's problems may not just be an impurity, but something
We're going to continue to follow this story very closely. Thank you, Doctor LaPook. There is still much more ahead on tonight's CBS EVENING NEWS.
: I've heard many stories that are similar to this one. MEG-OLIVER) : Doctor Chad Brummett studies pain at the University of Michigan. He says despite research showing
new chronic opioid users after just something simple like a wisdom tooth extraction. MEG-OLIVER) : Doctor Brummett's research found that simply filling an opioid prescription after wisdom tooth surgery more
sheet and also on his shirt kind of sent him straight to the doctor for the test. And I definitely will take this test because my brother
additional changes that will be announcing soon. '' Always soon. CBS News contributors Doctor Tara Narula and Nick Thompson, editor-in-chief of Wired magazine, join us now. ,
profession, number one. And number two, people don't always see their doctor as the final authority. GAYLE-KING) : Yes. Dr. TARA NARULA: They go
authority. GAYLE-KING) : Yes. Dr. TARA NARULA: They go to Google -- Doctor Google to get a second opinion. They go there because it's easy.
a patient to do? NICHOLAS-THOMPSON) : Well, a patient should talk to their doctor. A patient should be skeptical. And I also think one of the really
be skeptical. And I also think one of the really important lessons is that Doctor Google can get better. The engineers can make the internet a source of better
working at these tech companies -- ANTHONY-MASON) : Mm-Hm. TONY-DOKOUPIL) : -- how can one doctor at a time really overcome that? NICHOLAS-THOMPSON) : Well, in the current structure
change the algorithms to get better medical information out there. You would still send Doctor Google to medical school. ANTHONY-MASON) : Tara, where do you go to get
can break it down for you. GAYLE-KING) : So when you heard it, Doctor Tara Narula, did you feel good or- - TONY-DOKOUPIL) : It's a gauge
people in the country who are uninsured or underinsured. can't afford to go to doctor without duress. We're spending twice as much per capita as the people of
areas of America, county after county, where people don't even have a doctor. So we need broad changes in our health care system. You talk about
about that, and I hope anybody watching it does that. Go to the doctor if you think you have symptoms, and take care of the situation. JONATHAN-KARL-ABC-N
don't have good health insurance who get sick and/or don't go to the doctor when they should, or in fact, leave the hospital with tens and tens
a brand-new device. It's never been used in humans before. JONATHAN-VIGLIOTTI) : Doctor Nader Pouratian leads the study of an experimental device called the Orion. Here's
is to launch a national conversation to help break down stigma surrounding mental health. Doctor Sue Varma is among the experts who will participate in the town hall. She
and we also need to talk about it. DR.--SUE-VARMA) : Yes. TONY-DOKOUPIL) : Doctor Sue Varma, thank you very much. The conversation starts now and it's
and said I'm gon na tell you something that only my wife and my doctor knows. And I said, what's that? He said, I have
, it's -- when you've got a good team, my doc, Doctor Mayman is standing off to the side just making sure we don't screw anything
They're doing this -- Steven Bochco guy is doing a show about a kid doctor. You'd be perfect for it. Cut to us moving to -- moving
it made its debut last night. This tweet caught my eye this morning from Doctor Michelle Law (ph). She said Oprah, applause, applause, applause
in the beauty industry. RON-ROBINSON-CREATO: My mom really wanted me to become a doctor, so I went to med school. I hated it. ROBIN-ROBERTS-ABC-N: (VO
shipping. TORY-JOHNSON-ABC-NE: (OC Yes. Yay. ROBIN-ROBERTS-ABC-N: (OC Thank you, doctor. RON-ROBINSON-CREATO: Thank you, thanks a lot (Inaudible. TORY-JOHNSON-ABC-NE: (OC Thank
Thank you, thank you, thank you. ROBIN-ROBERTS-ABC-N: (OC Thank you, doctor. ROBIN-ROBERTS-ABC-N: (OC Oh, bless you. CASEY-BENJAMIN-CREA: Hi. ROBIN-ROBERTS-ABC-N:
Better Things. '' Adlon's character, Sam, is being examined by her doctor when she starts telling him how stressed out she is by all the mom stuff
is by all the mom stuff she has to take care of. And the doctor says, oh, like errands; just let go of it; everyone's
played a clip from '' Better Things '' in which your character is telling her doctor that she needs something to help her sleep because one daughter's going through puberty
've tried, like, every kind of fertility treatment. And finally, your doctor says to you you should try an egg donor because none of these fertility treatments
this scene, you've just left the office after getting that message from the doctor. And that is about the last thing that you want to hear. You
raped by a satanic demon. I am just suggesting that we listen to our doctor and look into all the options. We're already signed up for adoption.
called a geriatric mother. I'll never forget that. GROSS) : By your doctor. HAHN) : Yes (laughter). GROSS) : Because you were considered at
be born alive and then a decision would be made about whether or not the doctor and the parent would allow it to continue living. You know, I remember
kill the fetus, even though the fetus is viable and completely healthy if a doctor will say it's in the best interest of the mental health of the mother
the hospital or - with a broken arm or something. And they - the doctor wanted to put them on painkillers. And they, like, didn't want
it. So when you had, like, your heart surgery, did the doctor know that you had been addicted? And was it an issue yet? Were
n't get to shed my ghosts so fully. It was easy to call my doctor absurd when she'd chided me for gaining 5 pounds in a month rather than
harder to admit the part of me that felt a secret thrill every time a doctor registered concern that I was, quote, '' measuring small. '' This pride
, you know, a very physical experience of stepping on the scale at my doctor's office and thinking, oh, this is the first time I've wanted
but it also occurs on surgery center bills and sometimes even on bills from a doctor's office. KELLY) : Kaiser Health reporter Cara Anthony is going to introduce us
checked out. ANTHONY) : Brianna wanted to get the cyst removed, but her doctor suggested that first, they check the growth for cancer. She had a needle-guided
anything at all. ANTHONY) : A nurse numbed up her stomach, and the doctor took a sample from the cyst. Brianna says the whole thing took about 20
surgery center facility fee, which is going to be a lot more than a doctor's office facility fee, where there may be no facility fee at all.
, government-run health care system. Every American would be able to go to the doctor, or the hospital, or get prescriptions without paying anything out of pocket.
is in our plan. All we're saying is, you can see the doctor and the hospital of your choice, in fact, more choice than you have
adhering to your medication- - HODA-KOTB) : Yes. JONATHAN-VAN-NESS) : -- and seeing your doctor every three months. I mean, I've picked up figure skating. I
just like Savannah. Oprah describing how serious her condition was and how relieved her doctor was when she finally did get better. OPRAH-WINFREY) : I go in, and
going to happen. CARSON-DALY) : It's a lot of pressure being Oprah's doctor. CRAIG-MELVIN) : Yeah. HODA-KOTB) : Yeah, no kidding. CRAIG-MELVIN) : You
do think consumers need to be quite unconscious right now. (END-VIDEO-CLIP HERERA) : The doctor also said hundreds of new vaping illnesses have been reported in the last week.
she knew she didn't want to be pregnant. Vial couldn't find a doctor who'd perform her abortion at that stage in Portland. But she was referred
you turn it off for a second? CAT-WISE) : That's why primary care doctor Nooshin Razani has written this entire family an unconventional prescription for the great outdoors.
is just right for you, and by the way, you can use your doctor, remember that? That was a lie. Twenty eight times, twenty eight