in the house, that paycheck to paycheck is -- is everything for a small family like ours. ED-O'KEEFE : And because she's a contractor, Appel won't
you know, a water pipe breaks, you get sick, somebody in your family needs help. NORAH-O'DONNELL : And it always happens. JOHN-DICKERSON : Right. GAYLE-KING
being good stewards of the opportunity. GAYLE-KING : Doctor Priscilla Chan speaks out about family, philanthropy, and the giant goals for their billion-dollar initiative. You're watching
hemisphere that has produced some of the challenges that they face that would cause a family to flee hundreds or thousands of miles to come here. So when we follow
according to our traditions. And in a program that we've proposed, a family case management program, no family is separated. They're not detained in these
in a program that we've proposed, a family case management program, no family is separated. They're not detained in these border patrol stations. They're
on immigration, under my administration, day one, we are going to stop family administration. We're going to reunite those families who have been separated. We
Kavanaugh's nomination was trying to be derailed and him as an individual and his family being destroyed by folks who had no evidence of what had allegedly happened 34 years
. The fact is that he's doing a tremendous disservice to a wife and family. She's a wonderful woman. (END-VIDEO-CLIP WALLACE) : Why is your husband attacking
marriages. All the stuff about leave us alone in my private life. My family has a right to their private life also. WALLACE : OK. CONWAY : I
. Earlier this week, Kentavia was making plans for her birthday party. Her family was watching the bear's game, when around 9:00 at night, a group
night, a group of men approached the house and bullets started flying, her family hit the deck and Kentavia didn't get up. A bullet pierced the front
, you know, like Kevin said, we're all, we're all family men. We're all married, we all have kids. So, it
stories, Brandon Lane, a Phillips Academy Graduate who has gang members in his family and Sedric Willingham, a Former Mentee of Dr. Horton and a victim himself of
. That's what I tell them. INGRAHAM) : Brandon, members of your family have themselves gotten completely sucked into the gang life. You avoided it. There
, jobs, contracts, things of that nature. We have to put our family, our kids first. The city has made an investment, but they have
, motivate us to want to do better, build lives for ourselves and our family members when we want to come out. Forget what the street done taught you
and you break from the party, they treat it like you've abandoned the family or something on a particular issue. So I can be more effective, because
same week when they've spent tons and tons of airtime complaining about the Biden family, because of this focus on how self- dealing, the Trump administration was arguing
the Civil War, probably. And this is a classic case of the Trump family -- it's not just the President -- are trying to find every way they
: Well, not only did I maintain one but our corporate office, our family business, owned a 350 for many years and I probably got hundreds and hundreds
their parents with them. OK. And we're going to fight for your family to be together. (END-VIDEO-CLIP INGRAHAM) : What's she going to be - is
is he doing? ARROYO : -- maybe we're going to fight for your family to be -- INGRAHAM : What a second - what, your family? How
for your family to be -- INGRAHAM : What a second - what, your family? How about the people who have been in Oakland who've suffered from violence
of time together and we've become friends. My trip to Beijing with my family was one of the most incredible of my life. I have seen a culture
. Let's have fun with it. NATALIE-MORALES : And I love that your family is involved as well, your husband. WILLIE-GEIST : They're all employees.
, the matriarch of an extremely wealthy and eccentric, to put it mildly, family. And they have a tradition where any person marrying into the family must play
mildly, family. And they have a tradition where any person marrying into the family must play a randomly selected game. NATALIE-MORALES : I mean, it sounds innocent
. ADAM-RICHMAN : I actually learned this first one from my dad. Speaking of family, I just have to wish my beautiful cousin Heather very happy birthday today.
the reveal of our Ambush Makeovers and the dress that chose for them. Their family members can't wait, neither can we. It's coming up next.
. We're caching up with Jim Gaffigan to hear about his new movie, family, and more. (ANNOUNCEMENTS SHEINELLE-JONES) : Welcome back. Jim Gaffigan knows how to
: Who's there? LORI-BERGAMOTTO : Okay. So here we have the Addams family. ANDY-COHEN : Oh, it's the Addams family. LORI-BERGAMOTTO : And we
here we have the Addams family. ANDY-COHEN : Oh, it's the Addams family. LORI-BERGAMOTTO : And we have Wednesday, and Pugsly and Raticia -- ANDY-COHEN :
for families who are small or really big. ANDY-COHEN : So this is a family costume. LORI-BERGAMOTTO : Family costume. HODA-KOTB : Yeah. LORI-BERGAMOTTO : Jackie,
or really big. ANDY-COHEN : So this is a family costume. LORI-BERGAMOTTO : Family costume. HODA-KOTB : Yeah. LORI-BERGAMOTTO : Jackie, Tom, Michael, Tommy
your local weather. (Weather-follows WILLIE-GEIST) : Next on Sunday TODAY, the technology that family court judges now are recommending divorce parents use to settle their disputes and its amazing
for instance, authorities often infect the phones of innocent people around them, like family members. It's been reported that Mexican authorities used Pegasus to capture drug lord
for the summer. We'll discuss how to find a new normal for your family life. (Excerpt-from-Step-Br GAYLE-KING) : You do have to have a different set of rules
by myself, it wouldn't have happened. I wouldn't have put my family through that. DANA-JACOBSON : Tammy's attacker has not been found. She says
grossly affected for rest of their lives. TONY-DOKOUPIL : It's woven into their family story for all time. GAYLE-KING : It is. It is. And I
whose loved ones were arrested in the raids say they not only relied on their family member's income but also they relied on their help day-to-day life. We spoke
income but also they relied on their help day-to-day life. We spoke to one family who doesn't know when or if their father will come home. (Begin-VT MARIA-ELENA-SALINAS)
autism. Her husband, Nery Sorac, who is the sole provider for the family, was arrested in last week's raids along with her sister-in-law. ANGELA-SORAC :
. MARIA-ELENA-SALINAS : And we did speak to that -- to the daughter of this family, to the mother. They said, yes, we understand, but we
end. TONY-DOKOUPIL : I mean you lose your job, then you lose your family and maybe back wages too. MARIA-ELENA-SALINAS : Right. The good thing is that
maybe back wages too. MARIA-ELENA-SALINAS : Right. The good thing is that the family now has permission to go visit the dad. So at least he'll be
Biden dealing with this the first time publicly on Friday. (BEGIN-VIDEO-CLIP JOE-BIDEN-D-PRESI: My family handled this. But I'm worried about all the families and all the lives
town. GAYLE-KING) : Yes. Yes. JOHN-DICKERSON : And he's bringing his family and all of Cleveland, Ohio. GAYLE-KING : Yes. I hope it has
Ahead in our series, A More Perfect Union, we introduce you to a family with six children that welcomed three veterans into their home. What an incredible family
family with six children that welcomed three veterans into their home. What an incredible family. But first, let's take a check of your local weather. (LOCAL-WEATHER-BREAK
. FRANK-CATROPPA) : There was just a lot of outside interference with some of her family. ERIN-MORIARTY : Particularly her mom? FRANK-CATROPPA : Yes. ERIN-MORIARTY (voiceover: Lisa
relationship wasn't the same. FRANK-CATROPPA) : I don't think some of her family wanted her to still talk to me. But she still did. And she
. LISA-DELTONDO : Frank Catroppa. JOE-DELTONDO : He tried to ruin my daughter and my family. He was jealous. FRANK-CATROPPA : Yeah. No. It -- it --
light at times. ERIN-MORIARTY (voiceover: Rachael told John Paul, as well as family and friends, that in late 2017, she began speaking to the Pennsylvania State
was spending time with former student, seventeen-year-old Lauren Watkins. LAUREN-WATKINS) : Rachael is family to me. ERIN-MORIARTY : But some people would say you were a teenager. She
passed and investigators have yet to make an arrest in Rachael's murder. Her family has begun to lose hope that they'll ever see justice. LISA-DELTONDO : I
grows corn and soybeans on the four- thousand-acre Minnesota farm that's been in his family for seventy-five years. Right now, he is struggling to sell what's in
middle of making the sausage. We're doing our best, like every other family. That's why I love it. MAN #1: Look here. BETH-FORD
. BETH-FORD : When I'm with our members and they are talking about their family and then they are talking about their grandbabies or they are talking about their children
grow up in farm country -- Sioux City, Iowa -- the fifth in a family of eight children. Her first job was detasseling corn at age twelve, and
of whom are women. And then there's the untold impact on caretakers and family. Alzheimer's is a journey that robs families of memories, past and future
to play? DYLAN-DREYER : You know, I'm torn on this in my family because we're more of a -- my brothers always played baseball. CRAIG-MELVIN :
So -- and there's- it's also one of those situations where, in my family, we just weren't big swimmers. SHEINELLE-JONES : Yeah. CRAIG-MELVIN : So my
Sheinelle sits down with their mom to find out what it was like raising a family of athletes. Plus, the popcorn tastes good but will make you feel even
: And she did it, yes. (Pamela-Smart's-famil ANDREA-CANNING) (voiceover: But Pamela's family was heart- broken. UNIDENTIFIED-WOMAN) : Get the hell out of the way. UNIDENTIFIED-MAN
is enough. (Photo-of-Pamela-and- ANDREA-CANNING) (voiceover: In the past, members of Gregg's family have said they oppose her release. And as the convicted mastermind, she should
her request. ANDRU-VOLINSKY) : There were letters from inmates. There were letters from family members. I learned that she accomplished a great deal while in prison. (Letters
this year, 62-year-old American Christopher Kulish, who perished after summiting. Kulish's family says he passed away doing what he loved. He's the second American to
. You have to prepare. So, everything from who comes in to where family members go, to how to keep ourselves safe, how to prevent wrong messages
. UNIDENTIFED-MALE) : I got one more. I do have the information on the family center is located at a set-up at Ector County Annex Building on 1010 East 8th
1010 East 8th Street -- 1010 East 8th Street. And that's for the family center, the reunification center there, OK? Any other questions before we wrap
God bless Odessa and the medical center and the United States and love on your family tonight. Thank you all very much. That's all. UNIDENTIFIED-MALE : Thank
And then the most important thing which I unfortunately say too often on this is family unification. It is the thing that is the most important in any crisis.
thing that is the most important in any crisis. You have to get the family members notified. They need to know what's going on. You have to
, but I am a Christian, and I have an awful lot of tremendous family. FINN : The Arkansas River has been rapidly rising for days. Today finally
for the little boy that lost his life. We want to say to his family we are really sorry, you know, feel for them. CHERYL-LOW-EYEWITNE: Yeah
. This is, you saw those families in the video. This is a family festival. This is where my grandparents would take us on the weekends in the
these Kurdish allies of ours. There are reports of hundreds of ISIS fighters and family members just running free. There are over 100,000 individuals fleeing this violence, according
Is it appropriate for President Trump to be saying China should look into the Biden family? Is that appropriate? CRUZ : Look, of course not. Elections in
be clear, you're not calling for the Justice Department to investigate the Biden family? CRUZ : I -- look, I -- I don't -- I --
her own hands during a vicious stabbing attack. It turns out her true crime family saga is now at the root of the wildly popular '' Dirty John '' podcasts
Dirty John, her mother's estranged husband who conned, terrorized and stalked their family. He attacks and grabs Tara's waist in this parking lot, knife in
arrive, John is near death, ending a nightmare that has engulfed Tara's family for nearly two years. The traumatic events first chronicled in the wildly popular ''
. MARCI-GONZALEZ-ABC-: (OC Why? TARA-NEWELL-SURVIVE: I thought, he can have a family. He can actually have someone that cares about him and I just don't
can be triggering. MARCI-GONZALEZ-ABC-: (VO She says with the wild popularity of her family's real life saga, she now gets recognized in public but says she is
JERICKA-DUNCAN) : Marina Camacho agrees. She's Mexican-American, and the first in her family to join the military. MARINA-CAMACHO) : While we're increasing our inclusivity at West
and cattle. He was a bright, cocky, stubborn kid from a solid family and he hated rules -- a good athlete and a miserable student who won a
things that he witnessed and experienced in federal prison. He doesn't want his family to know, and he sees no value in reliving them, except for the
them. I mean, as much as we're kind of like a dysfunctional family, like you miss your dysfunctional family, I miss them. You know,
as we're kind of like a dysfunctional family, like you miss your dysfunctional family, I miss them. You know, Len and Bruno, they're like
a really tough time and was starting to experience beautiful moments again with friends and family and musicians that he was working with. JOE-JANIAK-CO-WRITE: There was no feeling of
2018 Tim was found dead in Oman, where he had been vacationing. His family released this statement. '' Our beloved Tim was a seeker, a fragile artistic
. He wanted to find peace. '' After months of silence, Tim's family announced the new album. TIM-BERGLING'S-FATHE: Tim's mother and I decided that Tim
hope that in sharing his story they can help others who are struggling. His family has started a foundation in his name to support groups involved with mental health and
the eulogy for his wife Cokie Roberts, here in Washington yesterday, surrounded by family, friends and colleagues of Cokie. And I'm happy to be joined by
They spent three months in the NICU, at Georgetown, and our friends and family were signing up to deliver us food and Cokie signed up to give us food
other birthday battling stage 4 neuroblastoma. This year he's stable, so his family wanted to do something special. They certainly did. His mom asked anyone with
and great performances and I've actually, I - I moved there with my family. So, I live, raise my boy there. CECILIA-VEGA-ABC-NE: (OC That
on a tour, to try to find out when it's convenient for your family to come and visit you. You know, we don't want to miss
60s, when you're writing. It's also an interesting time in your family because that's when your father started writing for newspapers, right? LIPPMAN) :