father figures, godfathers. Sedric, how important? WILLINGHAM : It's very important. You got to -- you got to have the right man to know what
EVENING NEWS. Bianna, back to you. BIANNA-GOLODRYGA : Their stories are so important to tell, as well. Jeff Glor, thank you so much for bringing
student, she was like 10, she was like 10. But the most important thing that was said this morning as far is Adam Schiff came on and he
I think that's why we see Representatives Schiff saying, the cover-up might be important, but the most important thing is what the president said on the call.
we see Representatives Schiff saying, the cover-up might be important, but the most important thing is what the president said on the call. That's what at the
is that what you're watching for? KEARNS-GOODWIN : I think it's really important for the country if this is going to go through that it becomes at least
what archaeologists just unearthed in Egypt. It's being called one of the most important discoveries years, right after this. (ANNOUNCEMENTS
. And -- and it's -- NORAH-O'DONNELL) : Yeah. SIR-RICHARD-BRANSON : -- very important, therefore, that, you know, when you look in the mirror before
. SIR-RICHARD-BRANSON : -- that -- and the space -- the space suit is very important. KEVIN-PLANK : Yeah. SIR-RICHARD-BRANSON : And it needs to be -- it needs
DAN-GASBY : Caregiving makes you realize how special life is, makes you realize how important moments are. Makes you really understand and appreciate the fact that, in any
accept changes from time to time. Take care of yourself. That's an important thing. And also to build a support network. Those are just a few
you're taking care of each other. And that sort of selflessness is really important. GREG-BARRON : Totally. AMIIRA-RUOTOLA : Because a lot of times, the division
been talking about the science for over a hundred and fifty years. The most important thing to do is instead of starting up with your head with all the data
the next question is, what makes you feel most loved? Why is that important? GREG-BARRON : Because we often -- we do the thing that we think is
. So now, I don't need to maintain my relationships, which is important for guys to do, as well, you know? AMIIRA-RUOTOLA : Right.
know, they've changed the standards of the helmets. He thinks it's important that the kids play. If they are going to play, they play early
and what happened the night he was killed, but she had left out one important detail. If you're being interviewed for hours, though, one might think
: And all the characters on the show, that's something that's really important to the creator of the show, Frankie Shaw. All -- all of the
, is how broad or narrow to make the articles of impeachment. JONATHAN-KARL-ABC-N: Really important because, listen, I think that the American people in general by a majority
we're having today. CHRIS-CHRISTIE-REP: And you'll remember this too, really important, you know the President doesn't want this to happen but what he will
get the personnel in? How do you protect them? And then the most important thing which I unfortunately say too often on this is family unification. It is
often on this is family unification. It is the thing that is the most important in any crisis. You have to get the family members notified. They need
such a way, I think is very strange and is going to be an important part of this investigation. Was it out there laying on his seat, because
he or she is a coward by staying anonymous. I think what's most important is what's actually in the book. HARLOW : Yes. SCIUTTO : Yes
told us a lot of what we need to hear today. It is very important to be clear on what he told us. DOOCY : The top Republican on that
, Congressman Justin Amash, a Republican. REP.--JUSTIN-AMASH-R: I think it is really important that we do our job as a congress. DOOCY : Amash's rebellious TONE
between Warren and Biden? ROBBY-MOOK : Yeah. I -- I think it's important because viability in the general election is the obsession of Democrats right now. They
in the electorate? No. But I think it's -- it's an important chapter in a narrative. GAYLE-KING : Terry, who faces more pressure tonight,
right to ship tonight. And it's -- it's going to be an important debate for him. GAYLE-KING : And the dynamic -- the dynamic between Warren and
the president basically gave the green light to do it. They're going to important, but I think we also have to continue to say this, which is
Well, listen, I -- I think we can do both. It's important to get a trade deal with China. I hope we do get a trade
to cooperate with Congress. Democrats even more strongly approving of the inquiry. Really important when you watch the polls on this is that you differentiate between support for having
when -- that's when it really matters. But I also think it's important to understand when we're talking about fulfilling his campaign promises and checking the boxes
? TINA-GLANDIAN-ATTOR: We're weighing our options now. For Jussie what's really important is he really just wants his career and his life back. Again, he
to force him to testify? REPRESENTATIVE-JERRO: No, I think it was very important that he testify because he established very clearly that he broke the lie that the
the President. Now, all those three statements are lies. It was very important for Mueller to get up there and say just that, and to say that
done. GEORGE-STEPHANOPOULO: (OC He didn't appear... REPRESENTATIVE-JERRO: It's very important that that information get out to the people, and that we can now build
the importance of it. People can give the textbook answer about why diversity's important, about why women are included and women should -- are equal. But then
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, the second most important court in the country. SETH-WAXMAN) : The idea that a convicted bank robber was
to go work for Janice Rogers Brown, a very conservative judge on a very important court, surprising in the absolute sense? Yes. In the context of who
hear people talk a lot about, and just reading what happened to you is important enough to talk about for others. You're a spokesperson for Daiichi Sankyo,
to protect ourselves against mosquito-borne illness. DR.--JENNIFER-ASHTON-: (VO Number one, the most important thing, use insect repellant, wear protective clothing covering your arms and legs and
doing that. Instead of waiting for things to come to you, it's important to -- take that opportunity and make it. ROBIN-ROBERTS-ABC-N: (OC Make that first
. WHITNEY-WOLFE-HERD-: That's right. ROBIN-ROBERTS-ABC-N: (OC All women. Was that important? SERENA-WILLIAMS-TEN: Yeah. No, that was really important. That was really
women. Was that important? SERENA-WILLIAMS-TEN: Yeah. No, that was really important. That was really important to us, especially that we are airing this during
? SERENA-WILLIAMS-TEN: Yeah. No, that was really important. That was really important to us, especially that we are airing this during the Super Bowl, something
Thank you. SERENA-WILLIAMS-TEN:... but also behind the camera, which is so important to have that support behind the camera as well. So, we wanted to
being inspired, but also inspiring others to live a better life. It's important that we have mentors that are coming alongside. It's important we have churches
. It's important that we have mentors that are coming alongside. It's important we have churches like our church that is trying to minister to the marginalized.
at night, can't check in at the end of the day. How important is the faith aspect? KORNEGAY) : It's extremely important. In fact,
the day. How important is the faith aspect? KORNEGAY) : It's extremely important. In fact, there is no solution outside of faith. Everything begins with
as we can to bring the killers to justice. That's why it's important for us to keep the story here so we can get help. All kids
is just the worst thing ever. These are our kids, and they are important to us. INGRAHAM) : Thank you for being here. You almost didn't come
them, being on them, getting on them because of this situation. How important is that? TONY-ROBINSON-FORME: It's very important, because I always believe,
because of this situation. How important is that? TONY-ROBINSON-FORME: It's very important, because I always believe, some of the mothers here. INGRAHAM : Polly
heart of what used to be the ISIS caliphate, so I think it's important to remember why is this area important, and why we are there. This
ISIS caliphate, so I think it's important to remember why is this area important, and why we are there. This was the headquarters of ISIS, the
United States and against our friends in Europe. That's why this is so important. Erdogan by his own terms -- I think we have to listen to what
trend line, but also because of how it impacts his base. A really important subplot of the last two weeks that's gotten lost because the last two weeks
. You know, I served alongside Turkish troops in Afghanistan. That alliance is important. And it's leverage for us to make sure that we use our influence
terrific organization there and thinking about those federal employees. GAYLE-KING : Yeah. So important to keep telling the stories, though, guys. Because it -- and --
covert action option. So, getting back to talks with the North Koreans is important, and I think that's a good thing. The second perspective, though
to get things done? JEAN-LEE-WOODROW-WI: He is, and that's a very important point. It's so hard for us to tell what's happening inside North
let alone us. So the fact that he's holding back on that is important. But the stockpile continues to grow. BRENNAN : And, Jean, you
not receive a new license from the Commerce Department. I think that's very important. I think people have to understand that. Stuff that's generally available will
's room in our party for a legitimate debate. I just think it's important to realize there's a lot more that unifies us than separate -- that there
's nomination and not against each other. And I think that's such an important point because what we saw during the debate was some heated fellowship among some of
. CONWAY : He can not be fair. That is one of the most important positions in the United States House of Representatives. He sees all the nation's
-- now's our chance to get at -- at Obamacare. It's very important to understand that the Republicans actually -- they may not have a whole repeal and
police ourselves out of this, but we need civility right now. Civility is important. Violence ain't cool. Civility is -- is powerful. This is the
Show you believe in them. Give them something to believe in. INGRAHAM : How important are male role models, Dr. Horton, especially in situations where young men are
over mothered and under fathered. So because of our work, it is so important to drive -- I talk to Brandon all the time and even Sedric about how
to bring in male role models, father figures, godfathers. Sedric, how important? WILLINGHAM : It's very important. You got to -- you got to
us. Good morning. So happy to have you here talking about such an important issue. You are a scientist. Yet you said when it comes to dealing
. What can we do? Two things. KATHARINE-HAYHOE : Well, the most important thing we can do is what I talked about in the TED Talk, talk
a statement it did not slow the clip down. GAYLE-KING : Anthony, so important to call that out. ANTHONY-MASON : Yeah. TONY-DOKOUPIL : Yeah. GAYLE-KING :
student loans, talked about how small businesses can band together. These are such important ways to help get more people on the road to a retirement plan. GAYLE-KING
get more people on the road to a retirement plan. GAYLE-KING : Yeah, important since most of us, knock on wood, hopefully we'll live a lot
're dealing, particularly with Donald Trump in the White House, is far too important, far -- and the stakes are far too high for us to play games
know we're throwing around a lot of terms, but I think it's important that we provide definitions and a little backstory for the folks at home. CABRERA
corporation should be using if they are not for any type of transportation of their important corporate leadership because of the fact that it has an incredible safety record. It
were one for WATSON : Japanese supporters of whaling argue that the hunt is an important part of Japanese culture. Those supporters include the captain Maeda, the whale hunter
the leaders, not, let's talk about some topics that are interesting or important, et cetera. CAVUTO : But things change, right? Someone tries to zoom
this meeting, G20, wraps up, and he tweeted today '' After some important meetings, including my meeting with President Xi of China I'll be leaving Japan
to dictators. What's the truth there? MACGREGOR : The first and most important truth is that North Korea is circling the drain. It's finished as a
bit of relentlessness, maybe keeps us going. And I think it's really important. When you are kind of shifting your, you know, your passion and
it into a business -- NATALIE-MORALES : Yeah. HUDA-KATTAN : -- it's really important to understand why you got into this, why you love it. There are
So you don't want to go too heavy. I think it's really important when you're trying it out for the first time to go really nice and
I mean it's just a small thing but it is a -- it's important. SHEINELLE-JONES : And you say it's always good, we all know to
Plus a spa area for them to relax. She believes in recharging and how important that is, this is just -- SHEINELLE-JONES : Wow. JILL-MARTIN : Yeah.
: We had come from a generation where there was John Hughes films were so important to us. I remember all of us kind of talking before we ever started
corruption issues and you have to sit in that room and weigh what is more important: to help them fight terror, or maybe there is a chance that it
under two hundred likes, I just delete it. GAYLE-KING : Likes are very important to this group and getting those likes requires work. Tell me this. What
enhancement, white balance, flash, lav, HDR, all that stuff is important. GAYLE-KING : What's the difference between guys and girls? GABRIELLA-BERMUDEZ : Me
the effects are. Oh, but I should also add -- and this is important, there's still a catch twenty-two here because marijuana is a federal schedule one
been a gusher of bad news for the president since then. And it's important to note that Republicans have avoided pushing back on the substance of the whistle-blower's
there is leverage there. Whether exactly what they knew I don't think is important. There's always leverage when you're talking to the president of the United
the world want to have a good relationship with the president. It's especially important when your country is occupied by Putin and you need the leader of the free
a clear explanation of the pay-fors for her healthcare plan, which is the most important issue to Democratic voters, but on top of that, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and some
tell, as well. Jeff Glor, thank you so much for bringing that important piece to our viewers and a reminder of the dangers that so many reporters go